feat: add change log (v2.0.0) (#369)
forbole/bdjuno: CHANGELOG.md

> ## v2.0.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Version v2.0.0
```

> ### Migration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Notes
```

> [Migration reference](https://docs.bigdipper.live/cosmos-based/parser/migrations/v2.0.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version introduces breaking changes to certain address-specific data that is no longer periodically parsed from the node and stored in the database. Instead the data is now obtained directly from the node when needed using Hasura Actions. Read more details about [migrating to v2.0.0](https://docs.bigdipper.live/cosmos-based/parser/migrations/v2.0.0)```

### New features
#### CLI

> - Added `parse-genesis` command to parse the genesis file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ([\#257](https://github.com/forbole/bdjuno/pull/257)) Added `parse-genesis` command to parse the genesis file```

> - Added `fix` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ([\#228](https://github.com/forbole/bdjuno/pull/228)) ([\#248](https://github.com/forbole/bdjuno/pull/248)) Added `fix` command:```

>   - auth: fix vesting-accounts details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - auth: fix vesting accounts details
```

>   - blocks: fix missing blocks and transactions from the configured start height

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - blocks: fix missing blocks and transactions from given start height
```

>   - gov: fix proposal with proposal ID specified  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - gov: fix proposal with given proposal ID  
```

  - staking: fix validators info at the latest height  

#### Hasura Actions

> - Replaced some periodic queries with hasura actions 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ([\#329](https://github.com/forbole/bdjuno/pull/329)) Implemented Hasura Actions service to replace periodic queries. 
```

- Here's a list of data acquired through Hasura Actions:
  - Of a certain address/delegator:
    - Account balance
    - Delegation rewards
    - Delegator withdraw address
    - Delegations
    - Total delegations amount
    - Unbonding delegations
    - Total unbonding delegations amount
    - Redelegations
  - Of a certain validator:
    - Commission amount
    - Delegations to this validator
    - Redelegations from this validator
    - Unbonding delegations

>   - Note: graphQL queries on the frontend should be updated for the above info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Note: GraphQL queries on the frontend should be updated to display the changes above
```

> - Added prometheus monitoring to hasura actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ([\#352](https://github.com/forbole/bdjuno/pull/352)) Added prometheus monitoring to hasura actions
```

#### Node Type Local
- Added note.type=local for parsing a static local node without gRPC query:
[config reference](https://docs.bigdipper.live/cosmos-based/parser/config/config#node)

#### Modules

> - auth: `vesting accounts` and `vesting periods` are handled and stored in the database 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ([\#232](https://github.com/forbole/bdjuno/pull/232)) `auth`: Updated module to handle and store `vesting accounts` and `vesting periods` in the database 
- ([\#276](https://github.com/forbole/bdjuno/pull/276)) `feegrant`: Added `feegrant` module (v0.44.x)

```

### Changes 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### CLI
- ([\#351](https://github.com/forbole/bdjuno/pull/351))Fixed version display for `bdjuno version` cmd 

```

#### Database

> - `bonded_tokens` and `not_bonded_tokens` db types in `staking_pool` table are changed to `TEXT` to avoid digits overflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ([\#300](https://github.com/forbole/bdjuno/pull/300)) Changed `bonded_tokens` and `not_bonded_tokens` type inside `staking_pool` table  to `TEXT` to avoid value overflow
```

> - `tombstone` status is accessible from `validator_status` table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ([\#275](https://github.com/forbole/bdjuno/pull/275)) Added `tombstoned` column inside `validator_status` table
- ([\#232](https://github.com/forbole/bdjuno/pull/232)) Added `vesting_account` and `vesting_period` table
- ([\#276](https://github.com/forbole/bdjuno/pull/276)) Added `fee_grant_allowance` table (v0.44.x)

#### Modules
- ([\#353](https://github.com/forbole/bdjuno/pull/353)) removed `history` module 
```
